 * Our Kanban board we used four columns: Feature Needed, In Progress, Ready for Testing, Ready for Shipping. We list our features, DAOs, controllers that we want to include under Feature Needed, and move the it under In Progress when someone is developing it. After the module is completed, it is moved under Ready for Testing. Once most if not all the bugs are discovered and fixed it is Ready for Shipping.

 * Our project is divided into small modules that need to work together, with this in mind we limited our work in progress to 1. Everyone get one task to be completed, once the task is done we test the implementation as a group. Those that finish early may choose to pick a new task or help a member to catch up.
We did not change the limit we set during our development process, we are making steady and noticeable progress after every sprint. We see features being completed and added to the final deployment. It is working and we kept it as it is.
We used GitHub issues for everything. All member get notified when a new issue is created, we use this feature to post announcement to the team. For example, we created an issue on changing the name of our application program, and in the issue we made a survey monkey for voting. Issues also consist of features that we later decided to add, when a new issue is posted everyone is aware of it.

 * We liked Kanban process vs Scrum process from phase 2. A web app have 3 major components, web page / front end, database / back end, and controllers that links front end button to back end functions. When we were using scrum, everyone picked an area and started working. We relied on weekly sprints to communicate on progress and issues. This created a lot of backtracking, when function / variable names are not matching up, database schema missing columns, extra tables etc. After switching to Kanban and tasks are clearly listed out and assigned, it highlighted issues early. If one task is taking too long, those that finished early can help out. Bugs are found early when we move to the Ready to Test column on our board. Over all, progress is noticeable using Kanban compare to when we were using scrum.

